gh-81554: Add add_reader support to ProactorEventLoop (#141834)
python/cpython: Doc/library/asyncio-platforms.rst

:class:`ProactorEventLoop` has the following limitations:

* :meth:`loop.add_reader` and :meth:`loop.add_writer` only accept

>   socket handles (e.g. pipe file descriptors are not supported).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  socket handles (for example, pipe file descriptors are not supported).
```
[Per our style guide.](https://devguide.python.org/documentation/style-guide/#use-simple-language)

  When called, :func:`select.select` is run in an additional thread.

The resolution of the monotonic clock on Windows is usually around 15.6
milliseconds.  The best resolution is 0.5 milliseconds. The resolution depends on the
hardware (availability of `HPET
<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/High_Precision_Event_Timer>`_) and on the
Windows configuration.

.. versionadded:: 3.15

   Support for :meth:`loop.add_reader`, :meth:`loop.add_writer` added to :class:`ProactorEventLoop`.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
Please keep the same spacing as there was previously.

:class:`ProactorEventLoop` has the following limitations:

* :meth:`loop.add_reader` and :meth:`loop.add_writer` only accept
  socket handles (for example, pipe file descriptors are not supported).
  When called, :func:`select.select` is run in an additional thread.

The resolution of the monotonic clock on Windows is usually around 15.6

> milliseconds.  The best resolution is 0.5 milliseconds. The resolution depends on the

Reviewer 2: "The resolution of the monotonic clock on Windows is usually around 15.6 milliseconds."

Note unrelated to this PR: that's [no longer true in Python 3.13](https://docs.python.org/dev/whatsnew/3.13.html):

> On Windows, monotonic() now uses the QueryPerformanceCounter() clock for a resolution of 1 microsecond, instead of the GetTickCount64() clock which has a resolution of 15.6 milliseconds.
